# evorates
(To be) an R package for fitting trait evolution models to comparative data (trait measurements across organisms + phylogeny) that allows rates to vary to continuously and stochastically across a clade.

For anyone out there and listening, things are undergoing a MAJOR overhaul. Basically, models will be faster and less prone to fitting issues. I also will be changing the name to "Evolving Rates" (EvoRates for short) in the near future, as this package is becoming wholly focused on fitting trait evolution models to comparative data that allow trait evolution rates themselves to "evolve" via trended Brownian Motion (well, technically a weird approximation of Geometric Brownian Motion, but I digress). Continuous Stochastic Character Maps (ContSimmaps) will  be coming in a separate package in the next year or so (hopefully). Anyways, the new model will still be able to handle intraspecific variation/measurement error (using raw measurements or means/standard errors) and missing data like a champ, but I have to forgo multivariate trait data for now (though, with any luck, that too will be coming soon--missing data is just quite hard to handle in a multivariate framework).

If you somehow find yourself here, please note that this is all a heavy work in progress, and that many of the functions here are undocumented, untested, or completely depreciated. Reach out to me at: bruce.stagg.martin@gmail.com if you're interested in using any of this, and I will help guide you in the right direction.
